in this video,
we'll look at edit in code generated by the macro recorder.
When you record a macron,
this code often includes many lines,
which a completely relevant for your purposes.
Let's go into the Exercises folder and at the bottom.
Let's open up The adding in which we saved are recorded macro,
so we just need to right click and choose open.
Then let's go across to the developer tab and click on Visual Basic to launch the visual
basic editor in the model folder.
We opened the first module section 01 getting started.
So here's the macro we recorded.
Let's try and relate it to the operations that we actually perform.
I'll just move this over to the right,
move back to a word and then bring up the replace dialog.
Let's make that over here.
You can also just close the Project Explorer to bring it back.
You just go to view into his project Explorer,
by the way.
So we start at the top here we have selection,
not find not clear formatting and then selection,
not find a replacement clear formatted.
If we try and relate this to the dialogue box clearly what we're dealing with here is this
option the ability to tell work that when we search,
we only want to find certain things if they're in a given bond paragraph style,
etcetera.
So clearly,
if any of that format in is in place on the user's machine,
then that could have an impact on the results of our search.
So these two lines are key to make.
Ensure that any existing format in commands don't interfere with our search results.
Then,
of course,
we've got the texts that were certain for which goes in that box,
the text that we're replacing it with which goes in that box we that have some options
which relate more to find in.
They're doing a global replace.
So forward and wrap really way you're doing Ah,
replace all.
Don't make any difference to the outcome,
so these two can be deleted,
have been cleared,
the format in.
We don't need this case.
Whole words,
wild cards,
etcetera.
None of these are really relevant to what we want to do,
so we can in back delete all of them.
So the only three commands which are relevant Ah,
what's the text be searching for What are we replacing it with?
And this line,
which actually does the operation,
which is equivalent to actually clicking on the replaceable button.
Let's just close that down on.
We could bring back the project,
explore in case we need it so we can go through on weaken,
delete everything from this point forward each of the operations that we recorded.
So that's made our code considerably shorter.
Another feature of this code is a very conspicuous form of repetition.
We have the line with selection,
not find and end with repeated for each section.
So instead of having a separate block reach of al commands,
we could actually have everything in one block,
which perhaps will end here.
Another thing you may notice is that selection,
not find,
is repeated here.
And what that means is that if we take these two words out,
this line can also be part of the with end with structure.
Okay,
so what we need to do is to lose all of the end with and then to lose selection,
not find on this line,
and I'll just tap across to line it up with the others.
So let's just leave a blank line between each section,
so that was our first find and replace operation.
So here I'm just going to dilate this.
That leaves the plane.
Klein.
And then this is the line that actually does the replacement.
That's the equivalent of clicking on the replace all button.
So if I delete all of that and just have it across,
I accidentally deleted the full stop.
So put that back in.
So that's the second operation.
Here's the third there's the next.
So each time which is deleted this tab across leave it blank line and the next one,
This is where we if you remember,
we paused the recording.
And then obviously,
when we went back in,
ah,
we recorded.
Or rather,
the macro recorder generated this line,
which it did up here.
So clearly it's just a repetition of that first clear format in command.
So these two lines can go unwanted with statement is our final end with,
and obviously we can't delete this last one.
What we can do is to select it.
The tips for selecting the whole line is very similar to a word itself.
Move the cursor over to the left hand side but not too far so that it's pointing that way
and then just click to select the whole line,
and then we can move into the selection.
Just drag it down.
Then here we delete those two unwanted words and just have it across.
So all of this now is within one with end with structure on the final thing.
What did you say?
You is commenting your code.
So this is what a comment looks like.
Any line that starts with an apostrophe.
So the macro recorder has put some rather unnecessary comments in this all this delete
those on.
Let's just comment each of our sections.
So what are we doing here?
We're removing a blank line between paragraphs and then from here,
we,
ah,
remove in extra space above the sentence and that,
uh,
relates to all of those.
Then the final thing we're doing,
it's down here,
replaced in two hyphens with,
and so these comments will just remind us exactly what our code is doing.
Obviously,
in the upcoming tutorials will be covering all of this code in detail,
but hopefully that's just giving you a quick flavor of how we can go into a recorded macro
on make changes to it,
which just make it easier to work with.
So let's just save our changes and to test it on,
let's go into the getting started older,
open up recording a macro and then activates the Adan options at INS Word.
Andi activate.
And if you still got this button,
you can just click on it to run the macro,
just in case you haven't still got it,
I'll remind you of the other way.
We go to Developer Micro's.
We could pick it up from there and run,
and you'll see it's still in good shape,
so it still works.
Fine.
Recorded macros can be shortened by deleting lines of code,
which were relevant to the operation you actually want to perform at In comments to clarify
the purpose of different sections of code is useful both for your own reference and to
assist others in understanding the purpose of your Mac.
Rose